Basically, argumentation is an interaction wherein two or more parties present premises in support of two or more contradictory conclusions. The goal of each party is to find the correct answer, and both parties are trying to discover the truth of the matter. Argumentation is specifically the method of solving disputes over truth claims through a peaceful means. In other words, one is trying to convince their interlocutor through the force of their argument rather than through the force of violence.

Argumentation is not simply about trying to convince others that you're correct while paying no mind to the truth. **You have to actually seek the truth** cooperatively. In that way, it is a cooperative activity where, no matter who is correct, both parties win because they are trying to achieve a synthesis of ideas that leads to the truth. No matter who is proven wrong, the goal is to arrive at the truth.

Argumentation is not just free-floating propositions with no attached proposer. It is a human action that requires the employment of scarce means. Additionally, argumentation does not exist in a normative void. For example, one could not argue the norm that argumentation is pointless because arguing that norm would be contradicted by the very act of arguing it. This is a proof by contradiction. Therefore, it must be the case that the norm asserting argumentation is pointless is false, so its negation must be true.

Each participant in an argument must be afforded exclusive control of their body. If, for instance, A and B are in an argument, but B is controlled by A, it means A is essentially arguing with himself. This doesn't make sense because then B could never come up with anything that isn't preordained by A. Therefore, A is not getting close to the truth; instead, A is merely deliberating on things rather than arguing. If B is instead owned by C, even then, B couldn't propose anything that wasn't preordained by C. In this case, it would essentially be A arguing with C, much like my mouth isn't arguing with you right now; I am arguing with you as a whole person.