[[Law of Non-Contradiction]] states that contradictions are `false` therefore all of these are wrong — 🤡

- Advocates for the govt stealing peoples money to pay for goods/services/protection
	- Believes it is necessary to fund healthcare _(but muh cancer patients 🤒)_, but refuses to diverge funds from crappy ministries _(arts and culture)_ back to the citizens or towards the healthcare ministry _(so much for fighting cancer 😞)_
		- This implies that their are some fields/sectors/interests that need not be essential for wider society, but for a select minority who engage in it
		  Then why are private actors punished _(taxes/regulations)_, for doing the same _(engaging in their own specialised interest)_, and their money used to fund the govt's special interests? Are we saying the govt's interests overrides the individual's interests? Isn't the govt supposed to be _for the people_? 🤡
- Cares about how _rich/other_ people save/invest/'hoard'/splurge their money — _(*shakes fists* grrrr damn you ELON/BEZOS!! 😠)_, but does not care about how the govt uses _other_ people's money
	- When people buy luxurious items with the money they earned it is seen as a _waste_, and that it could be put to better use for the benefit of 'more people'
	  However, govt spending __is__ more wasteful and demonstrably so _(*cough cough* spending 50-35k USD on azure for 3 PHP sites with like 5 users 🤯)_, yet is seen as a necessary waste _(no matter the cost)_ for providing _xyz_
	  Unlike the rich person 'wasting' his __own__ money and having to deal with the consequences himself, the govt wastes everyone's money and suffer little to no consequences —assured taxes by gunpoint, the taxpayer however is the biggest loser since it is their labor that goes in vain.  🤡
	- Cares about 'smiles' over the cost of providing xyz _(we must maximize the utils!)_, then the same could be said about the rich guy spending his money on luxurious items _(how many smiles are there in a Mercedes-Benz AMG 🤔)_
	  If we want to maximize 'smiles', then why would we ignore costs? Efficiency by definition is ratio of useful work vs output, which means if we provide xyz regardless of cost, that we are __not__ efficient therefore we are not maximizing 'smiles/utils/etc' 🤡
- Dislikes monopolies, especially for "essential" goods/services but advocates for centralisation of these "essential" goods/services
	- Supports public goods/services since its "cheaper" for all, _(side note: no, the rich subsidies it with their higher tax contribution)_, but these same govt organisations prevent individuals from paying less with regulations/laws that protect their monopoly as sole provider of these essential services 🤡
	   eg. 
		   - T&TEC makes it [illegal](https://www.energy.gov.tt/our-business/alternative-energy/renewable-energy-electricity-generation-in-trinidad-and-tobago/) to install solar panels in an equatorial country unless the [household makes <10kTTD/month](https://ttec.co.tt/default/utilities-assistance-program) 🤪
		   - WASA makes it illegal to use rivers/streams or collect rainfall _(ah yes they own the sky 🫡)_
	- import customs/duties on products we don't/can't produce which obviously restricts access to goods + bolsters existing businesses strangle hold on these goods 🤡
	- Against big businesses 'price gouging' yet is okay with preferential laws/regulations that favour businesses that import goods vs the average person importing goods
	  i.e., it is only those with wealth via business that can import goods at decent rates that are then sold on for big profit margins and the individual who has no need to import goods in bulk, has to choose between a 'price gouged' import or a highly taxed import which leads to a monopolising of goods through existing or new businesses 🤡
- Believes Capitalism leads to slavery - Slavery is evil yes, but taxes are not?
	- Slavery is not impossible through any system, evil exists get over it. Capitalism may contain bad actors like with any system/organization, but those actors are bounded by economic reality so even if cases of so called 'slavery' were to come about i.e. actually working for $0, it is isolated within those companies and that turns out to be not a business but a state, the thing we already have — go figure. Socialism however is institutionalising a path to slavery as it directly seeks to redistribute private property (taxes). Meaning it necessitates that the productive class (private sector workers) pay tribute to the unproductive class(public sector), without the private sector where are you getting tax money from the people who are paid by taxes?? — straight up percentaged-based slavery. 🤡
	  Wage labour however is not slavery in the slightest, you get paid what the market deems fit and it's your choice to accept it or not. No one owes you a $1,000,000 salary for washing dishes. Level up or gtfo.
	- The _'shmuck'_ Robert Breedlove has coined the phrase _"A slave is someone with an effective tax rate of 100%"_. This is self explanatory since the slave's entire labour goes towards his master. If we contrast it with today's world where we believe in the west that slavery is _over_, we find that not to be the case, we are all a percentage of a slave be it 10/20/25/30% of a slave as we are held by gunpoint and thrown in a cage if we refuse to fund the state. 🤡